[examples] Bluesky/ATProto sample integration (input stream, rules) (#236)
roostorg/osprey: AGENTS.md

- `osprey_coordinator/` — Rust gRPC coordinator (tokio, tonic, etcd, rdkafka). Rust code belongs here.
- `proto/osprey/rpc/` — protobuf source of truth for `osprey_rpc` and `osprey_coordinator` types.
- `example_plugins/` — reference plugins (UDFs, output sinks, labels service) using the pluggy-based plugin system. Do not add production code here.

> - `example_atproto_plugins/` — reference plugin demonstrating a custom input stream that consumes Bluesky's ATProto JetStream firehose. Stack `docker-compose.atproto.yaml` on top of the main compose file (or use `./run-atproto.sh`) to run Osprey against live ATProto traffic. Do not add production code here.

Author: ```suggestion
- `example_atproto_plugins/` — reference plugin demonstrating a custom input stream that consumes the Bluesky firehose. Stack `docker-compose.atproto.yaml` on top of the main compose file (or use `./run-atproto.sh`) to run Osprey against live ATProto traffic. Do not add production code here.
```

Author: Applied the suggestion.
